“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.” § Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
“There is force in the universe, which, if we permit it, will flow through us and produce miraculous results.” § Mahatma Gandhi
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.” § Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
“You think of yourselfas a citizen of the universe.You think you belong to this world of dust and matter.Out of this dustyou have created a personal image,and have forgottenabout the essence of your true origin” § Rumi, Hush, Don't Say Anything to God: Passionate Poems of Rumi
“I think joy and sweetness and affection are a spiritual path. We're here to know God, to love and serve God, and to be blown away by the beauty and miracle of nature. You just have to get rid of so much baggage to be light enough to dance, to sing, to play. You don't have time to carry grudges; you don't have time to cling to the need to be right.” § Anne Lamott
“We join spokes together in a wheel, but it is the center hole that makes the wagon move.We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness insidethat holds whatever we want.We hammer wood for a house, but it is the inner spacethat makes it livable.We work with being, but non-being is what we use.” § Lao Tzu
“In school we learn that mistakes are bad, and we are punished for making them. Yet, if you look at the way humans are designed to learn, we learn by making mistakes. We learn to walk by falling down. If we never fell down, we would never walk.” § Robert T. Kiyosaki, Rich Dad, Poor Dad
“The world is so empty if one thinks only of mountains, rivers & cities; but to know someone who thinks & feels with us, & who, though distant, is close to us in spirit, this makes the earth for us an inhabited garden.” § Goethe
“Shoot for the moon, even if you fail, you'll land among the stars” § Cecelia Ahern, P.S. I Love You
“In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers.” § Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember
“This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!” § Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
“It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.” § Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.” § Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
“It's easy to forget things you don't need anymore.” § Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore
“We spend money that we do not have, on things we do not need, to impress people who do not care.” § Will Smith
“Feet, what do I need them for If I have wings to fly.” § Frida Kahlo
“Make voyages. Attempt them. There's nothing else.” § Tennesse Williams, Camino Real
“It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.” § Mark Twain